docs: DatePicker fallback parser (#3948)
vaadin/docs: articles/components/date-picker/date-formats.adoc

Custom date patterns take precedence over the configured locale. When using both at the same time, the custom date pattern is used to display and parse dates.
endif::[]

== Server-Side Parsing in Flow

> Additionally, Date Picker allows you to provide a server-side parser that is used as a fallback when user input cannot be parsed using methods described in the previous sections. The parser is a function that receives the user-entered string and returns either a parsed date or an error message. When succesful, the parsed date is displayed like any other dates, using the date format pattern that was configured in the previous sections.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, the Flow version of Date Picker allows you to provide a server-side parser that is used as a fallback when user input cannot be parsed using the methods described above. The parser is a function that receives the user-entered string and returns either a parsed date or an error message. Successfully parsed dates are displayed in the field using the same pattern as other dates.
```

> Additionally, Date Picker allows you to provide a server-side parser that is used as a fallback when user input cannot be parsed using methods described in the previous sections. The parser is a function that receives the user-entered string and returns either a `Result<LocalDate>` object or an error message. The parsed date is then displayed like any other dates, using the date format pattern that was configured in the previous sections.

Reviewer 2: Technically, the function always needs to return a `Result` that then either contains a date or an error. Though it could be confusing to read either way if you are not familiar with `Result` yet. Maybe don't mention that class at all and only state that it either returns the parsed date or an error.
